# CMSC 451 - CodeVA Python SOL Development
## Status Report
### Date: Week of - 09/16/2019
1. Project Members:
  * Benjamin Napier
  * Seth Vickers
  * Hunter Frostick
  * Kenny Richardson
  * Dakota Brown
2. Accomplishments for the week -- and which team members participated/contributed
  * Created a few more Scratch projects and downloaded a small music alteration program to Scratch. The goal of the program is to demonstrate a potential way to integrate a Scratch teaching session with a music class. - Benjamin Napier
  * Created a small game in scratch. This deviates from my original strategy of small isolated exersices. The goal of this is to both show what can be done and have a bit by bit tutorial on making something a little more complex. It udemonstrates 8 of the 3rd through 5th year techniques with the potential (depending on user implemenation) of 10 at lease. The reason for this shift in approach is was continued conversation with our mentor, as I had little enphasis on fun (believing that we were only going to teach the teacher coaches rather than have those lessons be used by students). I think that this sort of activity, where students will build up to something a bit more interactive, will be more engaging. - Seth Vickers
  * Generated a few lesson plan ideas for teaching the Algortihms and Programming section of K-5 SOLs - Dakota Brown
  
  * Created lesson 3 in scratch - Hunter Frostick
3. List of Milestones to be completed and anticipated date (indicate which ones are in danger of not being met)
  * Get a better understanding of exactly what CodeVA wants our team to work on - Benjamin Napier - 9/27/2019
  * Complete "howdunit" tutorial of soccer game - Seth Vickers - 09/28/2019
4. List of issues, problems, or concern(s)
  * Our team has a lack of understanding of what we should be doing for CodeVA, this is resulting in a confusion for what work should be getting done - Benjamin Napier
